Rose is knocked away by Matt Clun clone
gets it away and out to the near side
here as ontario brings it out to center
ice yellow horn gets a feet up ahead
down the right circle shot deflected any
scores one-nothing rain 90 seconds head
and a man who was snubbed from the
all-star roster makes his statement here
early is twenty first goal of the year
well he got his 20 goal in 20th goal
decision an unceremonious fashion an
empty-netter and that to nothing win
over vegas earlier this week but that's
one way to silence the building or
rather silence any doubters that he
should have gotten an all-star
nomination dumped right back in by
stofflet interesting to see Springer
here on with Huxley usually Huxley with
liberty after the blue line here Kramer
Kramer its away from the hit from vaca
and he goes cross-ice to Springer
Springer whips on a backhand and a huge
mistake as a two on down the other way
box in the middle he's got it back in it
shot save Carosi but the rebound has put
home and it's Trevor Lewis the LA Kings
forward who bites Ontario once again to
tie this thing in one up a man
five-on-four here dabble up wall Galen
Patterson he shoved against the boards
but gets it away to a sliding a domestic
lay into the boards snoek although back
to the blue Lonnie comes where Martin
will chip it back in down low for
Cameron Cameron shovels it away from the
pressure but it's knocked back behind
that centering pass in front of the
score brilliant feed and it's 21
grizzlies says the rookie or rather the
second-year player Tyler Maxwell picks
up his first goal for Utah the rain will
win the faceoff this is the kind of game
here that the league might have sinned
looks trying to keep this thing quiet
the top two penalty minute teams in the
league is it's a turnover in Touraine
zone and it's shot of the slot and
scored huge mistake right there by
vincent la Verde bringing it out from in
front of his own net he turned it over
right in front and who else is it but
Mitch wall was able to hammer it home
his own blue line out to Kramer Kramer
chips it off the glass right side
skating towards the corners shoved on
open eyes and the Grizzlies control 1620
left Lamb who knocks at the blue line
keeping it in Kramer in the slot shot
off the crossbar and he scores it's 32
the rain pull within one and it looks
like they might be mounting that come
back once again against the Grizzlies
and to give away by the Utah defenseman
allows kyle kramer to set up a perfect
screen shot and he's able to fire it
pass roll heiser roll Heiser I had no
chance of stopping that one career goal
number 50 for kyle kramer 50 on his pro
career here with ontario congratulations
to kramer that's a big goal pulling his
team within one and he becomes the first
rain player ever to record 50 career
goals in an Ontario uniform so as you
said 50 pro goals his 50th rain goal as
well so the faceoff here to roll high
zehrs right the goaltender who came in
for anger and Andrew Engel edge who
apparently has been injured again in
this game as he missed 14 games due to
injury and rolleyes ready to come on
rain win the face of a bad past their
own blue line is intercepted and
splitting the defense hollenbach into
the slot pushed away by Carosi but a
penalty is coming and that's going to be
a penalty shot coming for the Grizzlies
this will be the second penalty shot
against Ontario that Utah has had this
season of course Chris Camozzi stopped i
believe it was calling vaca the last
attempt at it will be Colin Bach who
stays out there yet again for the
Grizzlies and vodka showing his speed
there as he was in front of both
defenseman but just went right through
the middle of it split of boat crows
he's been great though and shootouts and
staffed a penalty shot here recently
walk across the blue line crows you way
out but moving in towards the cage mr.
saved by Carosi big stop keeps us a one
goal game with eight minutes to play in
a second not even a hard shot by any
means by vaak who was attempting to wind
up his stick and get some flex in there
on the wrist shot but a gentle shot
sailed wide of the cage and in fact
Carosi was able to paddle it away with
the waffle board blue is down the left
wall stops tries to find it into the
middle but it's deflected by liberty and
controlled by Hudson in the back in full
reign will regroup and put a good job by
Jimmy Martin to shut down Colton yellow
horn in that last attempt cross-ice pass
the stretch at the right circle he moves
in the slot pucks courts behind him
yellow horns got some space as surety
ties it Colton yellow horns third point
of the night his second goal and we are
tied at three apiece s declared the blue
lines down to the circle gets around one
man across the ice
has 11 timer but it seemed and cleared
out by the rain what a mad scramble in
front of the net by rolleyes er who do
to everything he could to prevent Kyle
Clifford catalyzing esta clay right side
to Maxwell back to the blue line its
flaws and a breakaway chance here for
Ontario Lambert 10 none in the sledge
hockey scores shorthand to the rain take
apart a free lead Mario Lamoureux want
to go neutral zone pinder has it rain
now on the power play for 142 they are
over tonight with a man advantage right
side down the right wall comes Brodey
Sheehan freshly out of the box he tries
to get into the corner when he's tied up
with burrows he does get it to stretch
forget over back and it shot as a
two goal lead and that is the second
action for yellow horn this year and
here come the lids a great rebound
stuffed in by Colton yellow horn and
he'll be happy to take that hat trick as
he's mobbed by his teammates effects CJ
strength stretch jumping into the melee
in the far corner or the near side
corner rather man what a season cone
yellow are in his head he's definitely
making those all-star game voters doubt
themselves with his performance here
tonight go and whacked out by brady cala
accidentally into the neutral zone as
the range is sort of killing clock and
tip not trying to score necessarily here
up two goals on his power plants they
bring a left side cloud fires a slap
shot and right as the man came out of
the box chris cloud sends a missile top
shelf it is 63 Ontario as cloud puts his
third goal in this year